"# BoneMarrowCellClassifier" 
These notebooks describes the construction,optimization and evaluation of the Convolution Neuronal Network model of Mluticlass Classifier used for classification of bone marrow cells into specific subtypes. The classifier was trained and evaluated on Bone Marrow Cell Classification ( https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/andrewmvd/bone-marrow-cell-classification). The model was developed on GoogleColab platform where dataset was downloaded and unpacked on GoogleDrive. 
###The relevance of the model
The haematological cancers are among the most frequent and the most fetal types of cancers. It is estimated that there are roughly 100 000 patiens in Poland which represents more than 6% of all cancer patients (27 % of children cancers). Bone marrow aspirate examination represent the most accurate and ultimate diagnostic tool necessary for proper diagnosis and as a consequence beginning of treatment. The averagedelay time between bone marrow aspiration and final results is long enough (up to 6 weeks) to severely affect the critical diagnosis-to-treatment (dtd) parameter and consequently reduce thechances for succesfull treatment. The AI tool for automatic diagnosis would decrease delay time below the relevant cut-off time (5days) enabling almost immediate treatment of rapidly diagnosed patients.
### Scheme of the work
The construction of the model includes data preparation section (DataPrep.ipnyb), developement of CNN based base_model (Base_model.ipnyb) along with its optimization (Drop_model.ipnyb;IRB_model). 
